# [AMAZON S3 FAQs](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/faqs/)
### About
It’s a simple storage service that offers an extremely durable, highly available, and infinitely scalable data storage infrastructure at very low costs.
### Max Object and Upload Size
Individual Amazon S3 objects can range in size from a minimum of 0 bytes to a maximum of 5 terabytes. 

The largest object that can be uploaded in a single PUT is 5 gigabytes. 

For **objects larger than 100 megabytes**, customers should consider using the Multipart Upload capability.

### Storage Classes
Amazon S3 offers a range of storage classes designed for different use cases. 

|   Class	|   For	|
|---	|---	|
|**S3 Standard** | for general-purpose storage of frequently accessed data  	|
|**S3 Intelligent-Tiering**|  for data with unknown or changing access patterns |
|**S3 Standard-IA/S3 One Zone-IA**| for long-lived, but less frequently accessed data  |
|  **S3 Glacier/S3 Glacier Deep Archive** | for long-term archive and digital preservation.  	|


### Data Organization
Amazon S3 is a simple key-based object store. When you store data, you assign a unique object key that can later be used to retrieve the data. Keys can be any string, and they can be constructed to mimic hierarchical attributes. 

Alternatively, you can use _S3 Object Tagging_ to organize your data across all of your S3 buckets and/or prefixes.

### Performance Under Traffic Spikes

Amazon S3’s massive scale enables us to spread load evenly, so that no individual application is affected by traffic spikes.


### [Amazon S3 Service Level Agreement](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/sla/)

AWS will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Amazon S3 Services each available with a Monthly Uptime Percentage, as described below, during any monthly billing cycle (the “Service Commitment”). In the event an Amazon S3 Service does not meet the Service Commitment, you will be eligible to receive a Service Credit.